
							MANUAL TESTING
						    ---------------------
					    Software Testing Concepts - Session #06
				          ------------------------------------------
Functional Testing
------------------

Functional Testing is a type of Software Testing whereby the system is tested against the functional requirements.  
Functions/features are tested by providing appropriate input and examining the output. The actual results are then compared with expected results. 
Functional testing ensures that the requirements are properly satisfied by the application.

Testers follow the following steps:

verification/Analysis of the requirement specification in the software application.
Create Test Plan
Design the test case.
Make traceability matrix is to trace the requirement with its corresponding test scenarios and test cases.
Execute the test case design
Analysis of the coverage to examine the covered testing area of the application.
	Finding the area of a requirement not implemented by a set of test cases
	Helps to create additional test cases to increase coverage
	Identifying meaningless test cases that do not increase coverage
Defect management should do to manage defect resolving.

1) Database Testing

Database Testing is used to validate the functional requirements of a database from the end-user’s perspective. 
The main goal of functional database testing is to test whether the transactions and operations performed by the end-users which are related to the database works as expected or not.


SQL (Structure Query Language) : It is a programming used to define and manipulate the databse.

DDL (Data Definition Language)
DML (Data Manipulation Language) - Insert, Delete , Query , Update


Database testing involves checking : 

Schema / Mapping Testing
Stored Procedures and Views Testing
Trigger Testing
Tables and Column testing
Database Server Check

Calculation Testing
Error Handling Testing
Verify HyderLinks in case of Web application testing
Cookie Testing
Session Testing