
							MANUAL TESTING
						    ---------------------
					    Software Testing Concepts - Session #07
				          ------------------------------------------
Non Functional Testing
----------------------

Non-functional testing verifies the attributes of the system/software such as performance, load, stress, scalability, security, compatibility, etc., Also it focuses on improving the user experience on how fast the system responds to a request.
It checks the attributes such as memory leaks, performance, or robustness of the system.
It covers all the areas that are not covered in functional testing. 

It is performed once the functional testing is complete.
This is Black box testing technique as it doesnot require knowledge of the internal system i.e it doesnot require knowledge of the code for the tester.

Non-Functional Testing Types
-----------------------------

Performance Testing:

Evaluate the overall performance / speed of the system. It validates that the system mees the expected response time.

	Load Testing: Slowly/gradually increase the load on the application/system and check the response time / speed of the 		       application.

	Stress Testing: Sudden increase the load on the application/system and check the response time /speed of the 		        application.

	Volume testing: We evaluate how much data application is able to handle or we can it evaluates the behavior of the 	                application when large amount of data is passed.

Security Testing: Evaluates how secure is our application , to ensure there is no loophole in the application leads to thread or data loss.

This includes testing of authentication and authorization.

authentication - who you are
authorization/access - what you can do

Recovery Testing: Checks that application terminates gracefully in case of failure and data is recovered.

Compatibility Testing: We check whether the application is compatible with difference environment like web browser, hardware platform, databases, operating system, newtoworks , different version , configuration etc... In this we ensure that application works without any issue in different environment.

Forward Compatibility : check the behavior and compatibility of the hardware or software with newer version.

Backward compatibility :This testing is performed to check the behaviour and compatibility of the hardware or software with their older versions.

Instability Testing: checks if the software installs and uninstalls correctly.

Sanitation Testing/Garbage Testing .During this testing tester are finding extra functionality in build w. r. to Customer requirement






























